http://feeds.feedburner.com/BookPatrol lit
http://feeds.nplusonemag.com/nplusonemag_main/ arts
http://whatever.scalzi.com/feed/ lit
http://nagonthelake.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default general
http://shkspr.mobi/blog/feed/ tech
http://blog.yjl.im/feeds/posts/default  tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ConversationalReading  1 lit 
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FutilityCloset  general
http://www.auntiepixelante.com/?feed=rss2  general
http://punchincanada.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss  art
http://www.epigrammatic.org/index.cgi/index.rss20  
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BestOfMetafilter  general links
http://www.thedorkreport.com/feed/  misc
http://blogs.law.harvard.edu/houghtonmodern/feed/  lit
http://feed.flowingdata.com/flowingdata  tech
http://yesterdayspapersarchive.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default  comics
http://interstitialjournal.com/feed/  lit
http://faceculture.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default  tech 
http://fractalontology.wordpress.com/feed/  lit
http://weblog.ceicher.com/atom.xml arts tv
http://www.joelonsoftware.com/rss.xml  tech 
http://lwn.net/headlines/newrss  tech
http://matsuli.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default  music
http://matsuli.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss  music
http://yeskarthi.wordpress.com/feed/ 
http://www.cabinetmagazine.org/rss/rss.xml 1 lit
http://50watts.tumblr.com/rss tv
http://feeds.kottke.org/main 1 links general
http://mindhacks.com/feed/ science
http://somuchsilence.com/?feed=rss2 music
http://mightygodking.com/index.php/feed/ 1 popculture comics
http://www.deconcrete.org/feed/ arts
http://motivatedgrammar.wordpress.com/feed/ lit
http://taxonomica.tumblr.com/rss tumblr arts
http://languagelog.ldc.upenn.edu/nll/?feed=rss2 1 lit language
http://nightmaremode.net/feed/
http://www.npr.org/rss/rss.php?id=93568166 tv popculture
http://charlesmatthews.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss lit
http://savageminds.org/feed/ science
http://feeds.theonion.com/theonion/daily humour
http://longform.org/feed/ lit general
http://excrementalvirtue.com/feed/ humour general
http://hilobrow.com/feed/ popculture lit
http://joshreads.com/?feed=rss2 comics people
http://realestalker.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default misc
http://puttingweirdthingsincoffee.com/feed/ misc
http://john-adcock.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default art comics
http://www.slate.com/blogs/browbeat.fulltext.all.10.rss general
http://joeposnanski.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default general
http://stroppyeditor.wordpress.com/feed/ lit language
http://waxy.org/links/index.xml 1 links general
http://globalgroovers.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default music
http://www.economist.com/blogs/pomegranate/atom.xml news
http://feeds.plos.org/plos/blogs/neuroanthropology?format=xml science
http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/charlie-brooker/rss tv
http://tywkiwdbi.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default misc
http://selfstyledsiren.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default tv film
http://davidbrin.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default 
http://gardenhistorygirl.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss misc
http://letterology.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default lit language
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yougrowgirl/ arts
http://jasonwryan.com/atom.xml linux
http://jjqblog.wordpress.com/category/table-of-contents/feed/ lit
http://www.schneier.com/blog/index.rdf tech
http://cjchivers.com/rss news
http://biblioklept.org/feed/ lit
http://profmattstrassler.com/feed/ science
http://thehorticulturalist.wordpress.com/feed/ misc
http://feeds.feedburner.com/plasticbag
http://rss.sciam.com/octopus-chronicles/feed science 
http://feeds.feedburner.com/presurfer general links
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/OverthinkingIt popculture 
http://vimeo.com/channels/staffpicks/videos/rss tv video
http://www.notebookstories.com/feed/ lit
http://electricjive.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default music
http://www.aeonmagazine.com/feed/ 1 lit arts
http://drdavidclarke.co.uk/feed/ arts 
http://feeds.theonion.com/avclub/daily  tv
http://nonsenselit.wordpress.com/feed/
http://allanmcrae.com/feed/  linux tech
http://www.10zenmonkeys.com/feed/
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/EverseRadio
http://acertaincinema.com/feed/ film
http://vegetablesofinterest.typepad.com/vegetablesofinterest/atom.xml misc
http://www.booooooom.com/feed/ arts
http://www.allthingspaper.net/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss
http://www.wired.com/wiredscience/category/frontal-cortex/feed/ science
http://www.aldaily.com/rss/rss.xml arts
http://www.guardian.co.uk/rssfeed/0,,1,00.xml  1 news
https://threatpost.com/feed/ news
http://adland.tv/rss.xml tv
http://bizarrevictoria.livejournal.com/data/rss misc
http://alphahistory.com/weirdhistory/feed/ misc
http://spaceagehustle.com/rss
http://feeds.feedburner.com/nah_right music
http://feeds.labnol.org/labnol 
http://rss.cbc.ca/lineup/topstories.xml news
http://newsrss.bbc.co.uk/rss/newsonline_uk_edition/magazine/rss.xml news
http://www.newyorker.com/feed/news arts
http://www.nytimes.com/services/xml/rss/nyt/HomePage.xml 1 news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Metafilter 1 general links 
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index tech
http://freecode.com/?format=atom tech
http://news.ycombinator.com/rss tech general links
http://rss.packetstormsecurity.org/news/ tech
http://feeds.nos.nl/nosnieuwsalgemeen tech 
http://globalvoicesonline.org/-/type/feature/feed/ news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ezyang tech 
